How dare you hit me?
Okay.
Kneel down and beat 10 people
I am more kind
5 per person
Husbands and wives should feel sorry for each other, right?
What do you think?
Little you
How dare you hit me?
Do you think I'm kidding you? Kneel down
Oh those two slaps
Beat you to death
Fan Xin is your biological sister
Is it at stake?
You block the door
How can there be people like you who block evil hearts?
Liu Yutian, isn't Ye Fanxin okay?
We were only joking
Just kidding this slap
I'll hit you
Inhumane
Joke about human life
And my son
how
The Ye family wants to protect people who make mistakes in front of me
I dare not
And three slaps
Night with the Wind
Let me make you feel the pain of helplessness
Ah, stop hitting, stop hitting